Work work, zug zug
..and dabu!
I don't have a drinkin' problem! I drink, I get drunk, I fall down. No problem!
What do you mean, "there's an octopus on my face"?
It's not easy being green.
Me that kind of orc.
This program contains a Tauren Rogue. If you see him, contact the local authorities.
One word: pregeneration.
I am the little friend.
When in doubt, async.
We're gonna need a bigger codebase.
Stop! Modding time.
I load, I crash, I load again!
You can't come in. Our tiger has got flu.
ABORT! ABORT! AB- wait, no, it stopped blinking. Carry on.
Break the chains of love!
Thank god for him.
The right tool for the job. Maybe.
There are only two hard things in programming: cache invalidation and loading screen jokes.
Did someone say <span foreground="#ff8000">[Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker]</span>?
what are coords for mankriks wife
ENERGIA!
Give me my rock'n'roll today!
Go left
Mind the gap
Watch the paint!
Jag gör vad jag vill, för jag är Bengil
Six barrels, no more, no less
Snohan
ALLY IN XROADS HELP
Shibboleet
Sitt ner, håll käften, och lär dig använda kommatecken!
Spex on
Kom igen, det blir kul!
Handgrenades for breakfast
Constable Melin, you're handsome and great
I'm not actually loading, it's just funny as hell watching you sit there
while (true) { ConstructMorePylons(); }
Your computer is NOT PREPARED
Let me just fix this small bug, it'll only take a minute
Everlook - you can almost feel the texture
I shot the sheriff, the deputy, and his wee doggy too!
Watch out for exploding sheep - they're easily triggered.
Heh... *cough*
Mabst Grabst of Pabst
Alla slaktsvin bort från sängen!
Var inte en priest som inte healar!
Praise the sun
Swedish fika
cos(x)
MRRGGGLLLBGL
Freebots just wanna be free, man
Mining bitcoins...
I smell a wumpus
Bats nearby
I feel a draft
Pink Freud
Uploading custom patches to Pirate Bay...
Encrypting your project files...
Protip: ZERGRUSH
Cannot load. Enemies are nearby.
Tip: Fire is hot, avoid touching it.
Doing the safety dance...
What happens if I... uh, no. Hm. Looks like I'll have to look that one up.
EOF
Become friends with someone, and they may allow you to take certain items from their home
topkek
Waiting for dance studio...
Clean your screen! Seriously.
Penguin power!
Akta björnar
There is no toon.
Waiting for the Hearthstone game to end...
Murloc Pally <3
Z͌̐͆̾ͨ͒ͬ̽ͧͪͬ̓ͫ̔̏̈́̚҉̸̨̪̫̬̭͈̳͍̫̺̥̲̖͢͢ͅẠ̢̠̲̮̤͙̳̖̠͔̗͎̲̩͙͎̟͉̉͋͋̍ͥ͢͡L̢̼̱̟̪͖̺̯̥͖̯͇̤̟̘̺͚ͪͦ̍͊̔͒͂̒̓́ͨ͛͌̎͟G̢̳̩͈̱͚̤̬̥͉͇͉̖̟͈̙͚ͩ̐̊̋̓̑͂̋̄̐ͥ̒̚͜͡ͅƠ̷̴͕̖͔̞̙ͮͣ́̾ͣ̂ͣ̋̈ͥ̑ͬ̓͛̏̋ͬ̉̀͞
DON'T PANIC
Bubblehearthing...
For Kane!
Tiberium is the answer!
The explorer rewrite was merely a setback.
Mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
Tinker, Tailor, Solder, Fry
Diggy diggy hole
"Äru" - Orvar the Wise
FULMEN!
It's live, so something's going to happen!
Why do you look so afraid?
☭Siezing the means of production☭
Two fish in a tank - one says to the other, "How the hell do we drive this thing?"
[Mechanical noises]
A BAT CREDIT CARD?!
Blit!
Quit your bloiting.
I promise we'll have this gratting flak wolshed in a jiffy.
One more exception like that and I'll have you shot!
Strømmen finder vejen, je før fæn!
Cranking up to 11...
Filling up servers...
Devouring your RAM...
Spiffy.
I feel fantastic!
It's gonna be the future soon!
Welcome to my secret lair on Skullcrusher Mountain...
Code Monkey get up, get coffee..
We three dwarves of Ironforge...
I saw three rogues come stealthing in...
It's beginning to look a lot like this load isn't going to happen...
lolomgwtgdairyqueenlolomgbbtheq
Drunken kodo riding is a serious offense.
ROFLMAO!
Red Snappah!
Download more RAM
We're going to the Hardware Store!
Dance, Soterios Johnson, dance!
Keep your stick in a vise.
Cruel, cruel moon, please don't come out tonight...
Nerfing paladins...
Nerfing shamans...
Buffing paladins...
Buffing shamans...
Installing spyware...
Removing spyware...
Spying on spyware...
Wiping MBR...
Wiping UEFI partition...
Replacing $CURRENT_OS with $OTHER_OS - trust me, it's better!
Installing Gentoo...
It was 3 AM when I heard the sound...
Sweet Caroline
All I want to do is eat your brains
Sharpening swords...
Polishing armor...
Another blue, sunny day...
Burning red houses and saying ugly words...
CAT DURID IS 4 FITE
OK LISSEN, EVERLUK IS 4 RENDER
sudo apt-get rekt
In a town in the woods at the top of the hill there's a house where no one lives...
In the land of Ny'alotha there is only sleep... and loading time.
All the inns and public houses turned the sailors down.
Throw that gnome overboard!
[Hopeful arrr]
[Disgusted arrr]
[Dejected arrr]
All I know is that code tastes better when I take my "code-taste-better" pill!
Recipe for mead: 7.5kg honey to 17l of non-chlorinated water, mix and ferment to completion.
It's the popsci podcast from the moon!
I'm making a note here: partial success.
We're making us a baby that's just like me! (only better)
It's loud with the shop vac on!
Merry Christmas from Chiron Beta Prime!
Help! I'm trapped in a loading screen joke factory!
Work is da poop! NO MORE!
It's the first of May - outdoor chakking starts today!
Who's the tank?
Terror in Stormwind!
Hark, hear the bells, sad silver bells...
There ain't no creature in the land or sea quite as dear to me as the great kodo...
Midget gnomes, unite!
Stay away from those crooked elves!
I am the greatest gnomish sailor in the world!
Three men and a gnome went out to sea...
Five curses and spite live in each gnome...
That's the World of Warcraft that you play!
Our tank is in Darkshore, our healer in Mulgore...
I'm out of mana, I can't heal anything!
<span foreground="yellow">[SERVER] The server will shut down in 15:00 for regularly scheduled maintenance.</span>
<span foreground="#b048f8">[Dirge]</span>
Beer of wonder, beer delight, beer that makes us laugh and fight...
Don't make me get my main!
I'd rather have lunch with a fat ogre than to spend one moment with an elf!
I'd rather go fishing with Onyxia than go fishing with an elf!
I'd rather go swimming with a dead murloc than go bathing with an ugly elf!
You no take candle!
Hey everyone, listen up, your attention if you please!
Virus alert! Delete immediately before someone gets hurt!
R0X0RZ B0X0RZ
a/s/l?
Everything you know is wrong - just forget the words and sing along!
THERE ARE FOUR LIGHTS.
I'm a tour guide on loading cruise ride - Skipper Dan is the name!
BURNING INSECTS...
To get to the secret cow level, pick a Tauren. It's not very hard, you know?
Whales like gnomes, right?
Debugging bugs...
Does anyone even read these?
Matching salt and pepper shakers!
Reticulating splines...
Hey, you know that vacant lot right beside the gas station? Well, somebody bought it!
There must always be a glitch king.
LFG BRD
I wonder if it's true what they say about Tauren kilts?